Add Nominator Minimum Stake Section (#1663)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-nominator.md

occur often, so you should almost always see only a single active nomination per era. See the
[section on Phragmén optimization](learn-phragmen#optimizations) for more details.

> ### Required Minimum Stake
> 
> To be considered a Nominator there is minimum amount of DOT you must stake.
> 
> As of Februrary 2021, this minimum is 104 DOT.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required Minimum Stake

Due to the overwhelming demand and the way the algorithm optimizes the nominator set,
there is a minimum number of DOT you must nominate with in order to be effective.

This number fluctuates day by day, and the most recent and up to date version can be
found out using [this community-developed tool](https://polkaview.network/dot) or
through [these scripts](https://github.com/w3f/validator-stats) which you can run on your machine.

```

occur often, so you should almost always see only a single active nomination per era. See the
[section on Phragmén optimization](learn-phragmen#optimizations) for more details.

### Required Minimum Stake

> Due to the overwhelming demand and the way the algorithm optimizes the nominator set,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to the way the [Phragmen algorithm](learn-phragmen) generates the solution set,
and due to the fact that the solution set must fit in a single block, 
```

> there is a minimum number of DOT you must nominate with in order to be effective.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
there is a minimum number of DOT you must nominate with in order to receive staking rewards.
```

> This number fluctuates day by day, and the most recent and up to date version can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This number fluctuates every era, and the most recent and up to date version can be
```

found out using [this community-developed tool](https://polkaview.network/dot) or
through [these scripts](https://github.com/w3f/validator-stats) which you can run on your machine.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [Election Solution Set](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-nominator#the-election-solution-set) section on the Nominator page for more details.
```
